(1) What do you understand By Database.

Ans:- A database is an organized collection of structured information, or data, typically stored electronically in a computer system.

(2) What is Normalization?

Ans:- Normalization is the process of organizing the data in the database.
      Normalization is used to minimize the redundancy from a relation or set of relations. 
      It is also used to eliminate undesirable characteristics like Insertion, Update, and Deletion Anomalies.
      Normalization divides the larger table into smaller and links them using relationships.
      The normal form is used to reduce redundancy from the database table.


(3) What is Difference between DBMS and RDBMS?

Ans:- DBMS stands for Database Management System, and RDBMS is the acronym for the Relational Database Management system.
      In DBMS, the data is stored as a file, whereas in RDBMS, data is stored in the form of tables.


(4) What is MF Cod Rule of RDBMS Systems?

Ans:- It seems like there might be a misunderstanding or a typographical error in your question. 
      As of my last knowledge update in January 2022, there is no widely recognized or standard term "MF Cod Rule" in the context of RDBMS (Relational Database Management Systems).

     If you have a specific term or concept in mind, please provide additional context or check the term for accuracy.
     If there have been developments or new terminologies introduced after my last update, I recommend checking more recent and specialized sources for the latest information.

     If you meant a different term or if there's additional information you can provide, I'll do my best to assist you.


(5) What do you understand By Data Redundancy?

Ans:- Data redundancy occurs when the same piece of data exists in multiple places, whereas data inconsistency is when the same data exists in different formats in multiple tables.    
      Unfortunately, data redundancy can cause data inconsistency, which can provide a company with unreliable and/or meaningless information.


(6) What is DDL Interpreter?

Ans:- DDL Interpreter: It interprets the DDL (Data Definition Language) Instructions and stores the record in a data dictionary (in a table containing meta-data) Query Optimizer: It 
      executes the DML Instructions and picks the lowest cost evaluation plan out of all the alternatives present.



(7) What is DML Compiler in SQL?

Ans:- A DML (data manipulation language) refers to a computer programming language that allows you to add (insert), delete (delete), and alter (update) data in a database. 
      A DML is typically a sublanguage of a larger database language like SQL, with the DML containing some of the language's operators.


(8) What is SQL Key Constraints writing an Example of SQL Key Constraints.

Ans:- In a database table, we can add rules to a column known as constraints. These rules control the data that can be stored in a column. 
      For example, if a column has NOT NULL constraint,it means the column cannot store NULL values.


(9) What is save Point? How to create a save Point write a Query?

Ans:- A SAVEPOINT is a point in a transaction in which you can roll the transaction back to a certain point without rolling back the entire transaction. 
      Syntax for Savepoint command: SAVEPOINT SAVEPOINT_NAME; This command is used only in the creation of SAVEPOINT among all the transactions.


(10) What is trigger and how to create a Trigger in SQL?

 Ans:- A trigger is a special type of stored procedure that automatically runs when an event occurs in the database server.
       DML triggers run when a user tries to modify data through a data manipulation language (DML) event.
       DML events are INSERT, UPDATE, or DELETE statements on a table or view.














    